You’re so hot, my zipper is falling for you.
They say that kissing is a language of love, so would you mind starting a conversation with me?
I’m on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
Are you an eco-friendly kind of girl? The condom in my pocket goes expires tomorrow, so why don’t you help me use it?
Is your name winter? Because you’ll be coming soon.
Do you want to commit a sin for your next confessional?
I’m not into watching sunsets, but I’d love to see you go down.
Are you an exam? Because I have been studying you like crazy.
Can you tell me what time you’ll come back to my place, please?
Give me your car keys so I can drive you crazy.
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I love my bed, but I’d rather be in yours.
Are you a haunted house? Because I’m going to scream when I’m in you.
Your body is 70 percent water… and I’m thirsty.
Are you undressing me with your eyes?!
Your outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.
Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?
I lost my keys… can I check your pants?
Did you know my lips are like Skittles and you’re about to taste the rainbow?
Do I have to sign for your package?
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that drink.
Please don’t let this go to your head, but do you want some?
Are you an elevator? Because I’ll go up and down on you.
You look great right now. Do you know what else would look great on you? Me!
With school, I just want an A. With you, I just want to F.
Did you have Lucky Charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Roses are red. Violets are fine. You be the six. I’ll be the nine.
Do you drink soda? Because you look so-da-licious.
Do you have a shovel? Because I’m digging you.
What did you say your name was? I want to make sure I’m screaming the right name tonight.
That’s a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.
Are you a campfire? Because you’re hot and I want s’more.
If you’re feeling down, I can feel you up.
What is a nice person like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
We were both born without clothes.
I’m peanut butter. You’re jelly. Let’s have sex.
I’m not feeling myself today. Can I feel you instead?
I don’t think I want babies, but I wouldn’t mind refining my baby-making technique with you.
You know what winks and then screws like a tiger? (Wink)
My doctor told me I have a vitamin D deficiency. Want to go back to my place and save me?
Are you my homework? Because I’m not doing you, but I definitely should be.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
Can you do telekinesis? Because you’ve made a part of me move without even touching it.
Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty.
If you were a flower, you’d be a damn-delion.
Let’s play Titanic. You’ll be the iceberg and I’ll go down.
Dinner first, or can we go straight for dessert?
I was feeling very off today, but then you turned me on.
Does your name start with “C” because I can “C” us getting down.
I’m having trouble sleeping by myself. Can you sleep with me?
This might seem corny, but you’re making me horny.
Want to save water by showering together?
I’m an adventurer and I want to explore you.
Want to go half on a baby?
Do you have room for an extra tongue in your mouth?
Are you a supermarket sample? Because I want to taste you again and again without any sense of shame.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight.
Are you Dracula? You looked a little thirsty when you were looking at me.
Don’t ever change. Just get naked.
I’m just like a pore strip. Hard to get off, but extremely satisfied once you do.
You are so selfish. You’re going to have that body for the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
If your upper lip is Christmas and your lower lip is Thanksgiving, can I come visit some time in between?
Did you send the invitation to the party between your legs by mail, or do you wanna give it to me in person?
If I was the judge, I’d sentence you to my bed.
Is that a candy cane in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Are you a trampoline? Because I want to bounce on you.
Let only latex stand between our love.
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.
Nice dress. Can I talk you out of it?
Can I borrow your lips?
Roses are red. Violets are blue. I’m coming home with you.
There must be a light switch on my forehead because every time I see you, you turn me on!
So as long as we’re in the theatre… why don’t we get some play?
That shirt looks great on you… as a matter of fact, so would I.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
I think you’re suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s Kisses out of business.
Is that a mirror in your pants because I can see myself in them.
Want to play conductor? You be the engineer and I’ll go choo-choo.
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
Baby, you’re so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Someone should call the police because you just stole my heart!
Did you get those pants for 50 percent off? They’re 100 percent off at my place.
Did you take your vitamin D today? Want to?
Are you a raisin? Cause you’re raising my hopes for a kiss right about now.
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
I’d love to be the devil on your shoulder and the devil on your lips.
Complete this sentence: “You, me, and ____.”
Did you hear that new Cardi B song? Want me to sing it to you?
In the words of the great Lizzo, I just took a DNA test, turns out I’m 100% your base.
Did you make Santa’s naughty list this year? You want to?
Want to spin my dreidels?
I got Hanukkah gelt in my pockets. Do you want to go get them?
You’re like my menorah’s candles… getting hotter every day.
Wanna go light my menorah?
Much like Santa, I also have a gift for you in my sleigh.
Is your name Clause, cause you got Mrs. written all over you.
I’m not a weatherman, but you can expect a few more inches tonight.
I’m not a dentist, but I bet I could give you a filling.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I’ve got a large bone for you to examine.
Aside from being extremely sexy, what else do you do for a living?
I must be a beaver because I’m dying for your wood.
If I were an enzyme, I’d be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
I have 206 bones in my body. Want to give me another one?
Hey, do you have an inhaler? ‘Cause I heard you got that ass, ma!
You know, if I were you, I’d have sex with me.
I may not go down in history, but I will go down on you.
Your clothes look so uncomfortable. Why don’t you let me help you take them off?
I wish you were here to play ‘Simon Says’ with me… in bed.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? ‘Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Let’s play carpenter! First, we’ll get hammered, then I’ll nail you.
